adds integration options (#58)
bholmesdev/simple-stack: www/src/content/docs/form/reference.md

---

> title: Reference 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: API Reference 
```

> title: API Reference 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Config Reference 
```

description: Reference for simple-stack-form
sidebar:
  order: 4
---

## `injectMiddleware`

**Type:** `true | false`

> The adapter option `injectMiddleware` allows to opt-out of the default behaviour, which injects a middleware. This could be useful if you want to add your own data retrivial and `POST` handling logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The adapter option `injectMiddleware` allows you to opt-out of middleware injection used to expose [`Astro.locals.form`](form/parse/#astrolocalsform). This could be useful if you want to add your own data retrieval and `POST` handling logic.
```

> ```ts ins={3,7-9}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts ins={8}
```
